📆 Fill in details about the panel discussion (#184)
djangocon/2023.djangocon.us: _posts/2023-09-12-panel.md

---

# Announcing our panel discussion for DjangoCon US 2023: Who put me in charge? Moving beyond day-to-day coding in Django

We're excited to announce our panel discussion for DjangoCon US 2023!

Jay Miller, one of our [2022 keynote speakers](https://2022.djangocon.us/talks/keynote-come-on-in-waters-fine), will host a panel discussion about career development in the Django world.

Not everyone can or wants to solely write code for the rest of their working careers, so we'll explore other ways of advancing in your career, including ways that don't involve traditional management roles.

We'll discuss:

-   Broader-scale individual contributor roles, such as software architects
-   Non-development individual contributor roles, such as design and tech writing
-   Dev-adjacent roles, such as developer relations
-   Going it alone: running your own consultancy shop
-   Management roles, both technical and non-technical
-   The advantages and challenges of specializing in Django in the current technical landscape

Our panelists include (and more will be added before the session):

-   Charles Rejonis, manager at Wharton

> -   [Elizabeth Christensen](/talks/postgres-performance-from-slow-to-pro/), manager at Crunchydata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [Elizabeth Christensen](/talks/postgres-performance-from-slow-to-pro/), manager at Crunchy Data
```

Author: thanks!
